Gopal, saying, please take me across this ocean of illusion,
this Bhavasagara, is requesting Shri Krishna,
Panduranga is Shri Krishna in Maharashtra is called as Panduranga and Vitthala.
Also there is a big story about it,
but I'll tell you later on.
So, he says, he's requesting, please take me across
and this is what I wanted.
But the way he sang it, with such
devotion, sincerity and honesty,
it's really, it has stirred up all the vibrations, I know,
and you are feeling all that.
You see, we Maharashtrians are very lucky people,
that we had such saints who were realized
souls.
They knew about chaitanya, they knew about vibrations,
they knew about the higher life
and all the time, whatever they have sung is
the hope that everybody will get realization.
Or they have described that state of realization.
I mean, I must say the Maharashtrians are the luckiest people,
I don't know if they understand it or not,
but they are the most blessed people because there are so many saints
who were realized souls, they had Nathas
who were realized souls and all of them have sung
the song and the praise of this higher state of life.
And this one you can see now, this song also says
the same thing, that let me go beyond this.
But I must say one thing,
congratulating all these Sahaja Yogis from the West,
that they never had heard about these things, never.
They never knew about these things.
They never knew there's another world so beautiful as that.
But the way they have accepted it,
the way they have got into it and the way they are enjoying
this divine music is very remarkable.
They have never studied any Indian music at all.
They have never heard any Indian music before.
But the way they enjoy, it is because of Chaitanya Yogi,
because Indian music has been coming from Aum.
And that's why because you are spirits, you can enjoy it.
Atmanye vatmanatushta.
You see, only an atma can appreciate this song of atma.
And that's why without understanding the language,
without understanding the meaning, without understanding the music
and the intricacies of that, just enjoying it.
That's what we have to do, is to enjoy.
After all, why to have the words, why to have anything, just to enjoy.
And this is what we have to thank
Ajit for this thing, a great thing that he's done,
is to, he himself has got his realization, he sings with that
oneness and when he sings you see, you get vibrations.
He is the only singer I have seen so far,
who has been that good
and who has been able to keep you united with the Chaitanya.
Chitta Chaitanya saath tumi yog sangit laag, toh saath tha.
Munun saar ka tumhala boloane cha maa gaye,
matla aata ithe thandit kachala bolo tha, but
naak hoon.
Tar, yah sarvaan cha tarphe, mala aabhaar maand la phaiji tumche.
Main aaiye hai, sagreinchi, tumchi aaiye hai.
But tari sudha, yah mula na tumhi vahda anandit kela,
malo tumche aabhaar maand la phaiji.
Aamai kaha saang naar aata?
Mala agdi gahi varun aale lai, kharo manje.
Kaya bolnaar?
Ki asaas varanvar yog asudeyit,
ani yah lokaan aapra ghaana ekana malo deyit.
Ani apne saar ke anki, aashe saangitaat loke aala phaiji,
ki je hansa mann mohun giti.
Hota kai ki, je loke itaat botek,
te kai paar nastaat, keba tyana hai Chaitanya Chitta
cha yog ghadlela nasto.
Tya mune hana taisaat maja vatat nahi.
Ani mak parat, ek da aale ki vatat,
moh matla, naka tumhi aata rao deya, purcha aal se mo.
Par bhi matla tumhi paarka nahi hoon gaita.
Kevdi moti gusht hai.
He mune rao na kevdi moti gusht hai. Gatat te.
Gatil te, pan te rudhayat na nigat nahi maga.
Var var raata.
His gaani matata.
Te rudhayat nahi itne.
So we have to thank him very much for this beautiful music,
which has touched all your heart.
And now in this song also,
he is saying, Oh God, please make your heart large
and give me realization.
So, you see, God always has a very large heart.
Only thing, you have to ask for realization.
It cannot be forced.
So now the culmination of our spiritual life has come.
All the saints have a meaning.
All the shastras have meaning.
Every incarnation has a meaning today.
Tomorrow we are going to do worship of Shri Ganesha.
You know how important He is.
And He has come here and He will also attend tomorrow's puja.
And everybody will help us there.
I am sure you will all enjoy it.
May God bless you.